Expand first-class span proposal with a simple example (#9176)
dotnet/csharplang: proposals/first-class-span-types.md

For example, the BCL can add only one overload of any `MemoryExtensions` helper like:

```cs
int[] arr = [1, 2, 3];
Console.WriteLine(

>     arr.StartsWith(1) // CS8773 today, permitted with this proposal

Author: ```suggestion
    arr.StartsWith(1) // CS8773 in C# 13, permitted with this proposal
```

    );

public static class MemoryExtensions
{

>     public static bool StartsWith<T>(this ReadOnlySpan<T> span, T value) where T : IEquatable<T> => EqualityComparer<T>.Default.Equals(span[0], value);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    public static bool StartsWith<T>(this ReadOnlySpan<T> span, T value) where T : IEquatable<T> => span.Length != 0 && EqualityComparer<T>.Default.Equals(span[0], value);
```
